tasks/tasks.md, before:

# Tasks

## Task 1

### Description

- Setup SGW using setup 1
- Use Postman to check if SGW is working (use Admin PORT)

### Observations

## Task 2

### Description

- Setup SGW using setup 2
- Create a Database using Postman
- Create a Document using Postman
- Get the document using Postman

### Observations

## Task 3

### Description

- This task continues from the previous task
- Create a dummy document from CB UI
- Get the document contents using Postman
- Delete the document using Postman

### Observations

## Task 4

### Description

- Create a document from Couchbase Server UI
- Review the revision IDs and explain the different values in revision IDs

### Observations

## Task 5

### Description

- Test the following configurations of SGW database:

```
1. enable_shared_bucket_access: false, import_docs: false
2. enable_shared_bucket_access: false, import_docs: true
3. enable_shared_bucket_access: true, import_docs: false
4. enable_shared_bucket_access: true, import_docs: true
```

### Observations

Commit message:

feat: Completed task 1
Completed first task

tasks/tasks.md, after:

# Tasks

## Task 1

### Description

- Setup SGW using setup 1
- Use Postman to check if SGW is working (use Admin PORT)

### Observations
The admin API works through postman

 ```
"api": {
    "admin_interface": "0.0.0.0:4985"
  },
  ```
  is important in the task

  ![alt text](image-1.png)


## Task 2

### Description

- Setup SGW using setup 2
- Create a Database using Postman
- Create a Document using Postman
- Get the document using Postman

### Observations

## Task 3

### Description

- This task continues from the previous task
- Create a dummy document from CB UI
- Get the document contents using Postman
- Delete the document using Postman

### Observations

## Task 4

### Description

- Create a document from Couchbase Server UI
- Review the revision IDs and explain the different values in revision IDs

### Observations

## Task 5

### Description

- Test the following configurations of SGW database:

```
1. enable_shared_bucket_access: false, import_docs: false
2. enable_shared_bucket_access: false, import_docs: true
3. enable_shared_bucket_access: true, import_docs: false
4. enable_shared_bucket_access: true, import_docs: true
```

### Observations
